After researching several issues, our team discovered several primary issues with current upper exoskeleton limbs: cost, size, and manufacturing issues. The first issue, cost, has long since been accepted by exoskeleton manufactures because of the exorbitant price of hydraulic actuators which permeate the industry. For example, the cost of one relatively high powered hydraulic actuator is $115 for a 14" stroke actuator (contracting device). The next most important problem is size. The exoskeletons of today are simply too big and cumbersome to fit under clothes and would not be ideal for a patient looking for a small exoskeleton to support his or her body. The next biggest problem is manufacturing. All of today's exoskeletons require hundreds of man-hours to construct and fine tune to the operator's body. Such time is simply not available if these went to the consumer market. That is why we have designed the innovative HyFlex: to solve these problems and successfully help people in need of medical treatment.

HyFlex
Summary: This article describes how a doctor should diagnose a patient with a possible muscle weakening disease. Furthermore, the article lists several diseases that could cause these deficiencies. These diseases include HIV, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, dermatomyositis, polymyositis, and the potassium-related paralyses. The plethora of diseases included here are proved by the article to induce muscle-weakness. The author of the article also lists a series of steps to diagnose the disease that could be causing muscle debility.
Analysis: This article shows that there are a number of different causes for muscle weakness. Some of the cures of these diseases are currently beyond the limits of medical science, such as HIV. People with incurable diseases with muscle weakness need a solution that assists them with their problems until a cure is discovered. The steps that the author provides to diagnose the illness is proven to be time-consuming and cumbersome. During the diagnosis process the patient has to endure the burden of muscle-weakness. This therefore justifies our problem in that a temporary, cheap solution is required for the patient in the interval between diagnosis and therapy.
Saguil, Aaron, Capt. "Evaluation of the Patient with Muscle Weakness." - American Family Physician. American Family Physician, 1 Apr. 2005. Web. 10 Jan. 2015. <http://www.aafp.org/afp/2005/0401/p1327.html>.
ARTICLE 2: "Osteopenia: When you have Weak Bones, but not Osteoporosis" by Harvard Health Newsletter  
"Osteopenia: When You Have Weak Bones, but Not Osteoporosis." Harvard Health Letter (Oct. 2011): n. pag. Osteopenia: When You Have Weak Bones, but Not Osteoporosis. Harvard Medical School. Web. 10 Jan. 2015. <http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsweek/Osteopenia_When_you_have_weak_bones.htm>.
ARTICLE 3: "Physical Therapy" by UHS Tang Center at Berkeley 
Summary: This informational website by UC Berkeley's Physical Therapy Center lists several facts about physical therapy at Berkeley. Though not the only renown medical facility, Berkeley's University Health Services are known for their effective treatments of patients who are pain-inflicted, dangerously ill, or near-death. This article gives us a comprehensive view on the physical therapy expenses and the types of diseases treated by therapy, including muscle diseases and osteoporosis.

Analysis: We mainly chose this article to justify our problem in that a cheap but effective solution is needed. The article states that Berkeley's non-program members need to pay $160 for their initial visit and around $100 for each additional visit. The physical therapy duration only lasts 6-12 visits, which could sum up to an astounding $1360 for physical therapy. This amount does not include the fact that further physical therapy after 12 visits may be required, meaning even more money for the patient. People without health insurance would not be able to afford this treatment, which justifies our problem for a cheap and efficient product designed to help patients with muscular and bone diseases .
"Physical Therapy." UHS Tang Center at Berkeley. Berkeley UHS, n.d. Web. 7 Jan. 2015. <http://uhs.berkeley.edu/students/medical/physicaltherapy.shtml>.
To recap everything stated in this element, our team's problem statement is to create a upper-limb exoskeleton to assist those with muscle degeneration and bone weakness in their everyday lives as they go through their treatments and therapy. We cite several texts which show a pressing need for such a device on the market. 
